cooking news plans vegan easy hi
everyone its onion from cooking with
plants and today I'm making curry
noodles so for this recipe I'm going to
use a nonstick fry pan because I don't
like to cook with oil so this will be a
great way to to cook without that and
I'm going to put this onto a medium high
heat and get this recipe started okay so
first of all I'm adding a sliced red
bell pepper capsicum as we call it in
Australia it's been thinly sliced can
you give that a stir through and soften
it up a bit
so these are going to soften up nicely
if you find that it's sticking to your
head let's add a little dash of water
and that'll loosen off so next I'm
adding 1/4 cup of sliced scallions
the mix tree
also got two large cloves of garlic that
I've chopped up depending on how much
you like garlic you might just want to
use one fo but if you love the taste of
garlic jumping in to
smelling so good already got 1/4 cup of
frozen peas as well that I'm putting in
the moisture from the peas will loosen
off everything that's in the pan as well
well I wish you guys could smell these
it's absolutely amazing right I'm just
going to add in one teaspoon of tomato
paste
and also I've got two teaspoons of curry
powder 1/8 of a teaspoon of turmeric and
1/8 of a teaspoon of white pepper that's
going to give it a quick mix true mmm
that's curry powder yeah and I've also
got two packets of rice noodles so it's
about 120 grams work
I'm just so Pham in a little bit of
water for a couple of minutes and
they're good to go a little bit of a
stir through adding half a cup of
vegetable stock
mmm
hungry smelling this delicious now
that's it
lunch is ready quick and easy healthy
you could put in any extra vegetables
that you like put in some spinach
awesome propyl I'd chop up some onion
into it if you like even a bit of fresh
grated ginger would be good this is me
my lunch today
YUM so quick and easy so if you like
today's recipe please give it a thumbs
up if there's anything in particular
that you'd like me to make please let me
know and remember you can print this
recipe at my website at cooking with
plants calm and join me on facebook at
cooking with plants so I look forward to
seeing you for the next recipe bye for
now